The name Olivette
means little to you.
High-ranking member
of the Grand Coven.
The one who laid the charge against
me. She's come back to the States.
Now would be an
excellent time to strike.
And take out a miserable old witch who's
been standing in my way for centuries.
CROWLEY: No. that is not happening.
- What?
Something's come
up. Olivette can wait.
My peace is helping
people. Working cases.
- That's all I wanna do.
- Is this about the Mark?
DEAN: I'm done trying to find a cure.
The answer's not out there. It's with me.
I'm gonna fight it
till I can't anymore.
CROWLEY: What are you doing?
- What's it look like? I'm leaving.
Another petty manipulation.
What do you want from me?
Why. it breaks my heart to see what
a colossal numbnut you've become.
Sad. bored wee boy on the throne who will
flop ass-up the second those Winchesters...
hunters. who'd as soon see you
dead as have you to tea. ask you to.
You're their bitch.
[ORGAN MUSIC PLAYING]
TERRY: I detest all my sins
because of thy just punishment...
but most of all because
they offend thee. my God...
who art all good and
deserving of all my love.
I firmly resolve with the help
of thy grace. to sin no more...
and to avoid the near
occasion of sin. Amen.
DELANEY: I absolve
you of your sins...
in the name of the Father and
of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
Go in peace. Terry.
See you Sunday.
That you will. Father.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[SCREAMING]
Majesty.
- I beg you to speak with her.
- What now?
Your mother remains
vexed with your highness...
and vents her frustration
by abusing the court.
No one dares
retaliate. of course.
And. yes. one
expects to suffer in hell.
But I fear I've reached
my limit. To wit:
I mean. seriously.
[SIGHS]
Mother.
Yes. Your Royal Highness?
You care to comment?
Magnificent work by an
astonishing talent. Mm-hm. Brava.
I always said you
were two-faced.
Look. Mommy. enough. I
know you're annoyed with me...
Annoyed? No. Fergus.
I am devastated. betrayed.
and brokenhearted.
Because I wouldn't go begging to
a bunch of witches on your behalf?
The Grand Coven is the
supreme command of all witchcraft.
Without their sanction. I
am forbidden to practice.
- Forgive me. I hadn't noticed you'd stopped.
- That?
Parlor trick. I'm capable of greatness.
Given free reign. I'd be unstoppable.
I am this close to throwing
you back into that dungeon.
Heh. of course. Why not? Why do
anything but cause me more pain?
Bad enough you wouldn't intervene
with Olivette and the Coven...
but you went directly against my
wishes. siding with those Winchesters.
Refusing to kill them. then delivering
the First Blade into their hands...
which you know
could slaughter us all.
You prefer them to
your own flesh and blood.
It's a bitter pill. Fergus.
After all I've done for you.
And what exactly would that be?
I gave you life. Fergus.
Without me. sunshine...
you wouldn't exist.
[YELLS IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
All right. so I'm thinking.
uh. curse. maybe.
Sam. a little help here. okay?
I'm trying to stay busy. You know.
eye on the ball. not on the Mark.
- This is a case till we know it's not.
- Sure. Yeah. you're right.
- Three suicides. two weeks.
- They're not just suicides.
They gutted themselves.
And they took their sweet time doing it.
I mean. that had to be incredibly painful.
I can't seem to find any
link between the vics either.
Yeah. probably a curse.
SISTER MATHIAS: And
this man. he was handsome?
ISABELLA: Exquisite.
He took my breath away.
But we are told not to speak so much
of the time before we joined the order.
We all found our way
to this life for a reason.
Was he yours?
His name was Piero.
An incredible artist.
Sometimes I would pose for him.
And he called me his muse.
As you can imagine. we spent
hours. days with each other.
I felt so free with him.
I...
had never been close
with a man before that.
[SPEAKING IN ITALIAN]
So. what happened?
I... I can't right now.
It's okay.
Really.
We're a lot alike. You know?
I think...
we're supposed to
enter the convent...
for some higher purpose.
But many of us chose this...
because of the things...
that overwhelmed us.
So. what do we got? Terry Sloan.
Ordinary guy. not a lot of
friends. but no known enemies.
No relation to the other vics.
Well. not necessarily. He's
Catholic. and so are the other two.
This is Massachusetts.
There are a lot of Catholics in
Massachusetts. You think this is a case?
Who kills himself
with a candlestick?
- There's a billion better ways.
- But he did kill himself.
So he's not a witch. There
was nothing hexxy found on him.
Uh. possession? Could
have been a demon.
The point of a demon possessing a living
thing is to. you know. possess a living thing.
Okay. agent. Why don't you get that
phone back to the Bureau's crime lab...
and get it hacked like you told those guys?
We'll figure out what's going on with Terry.
- Probably nude selfies.
- I'm feeling good about this.
[CAR DOOR CLOSES]
[WOMAN COUGHING]
Amen.
[FOOTSTEPS]
Hi. sweetie.
You need to come to bed. Frank.
You gotta be exhausted from all
those night hours you been putting in.
Yup. yup. The old job's gotten
pretty demanding. all right.
Liar.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
LISA: Oh. my God. No. No. Frank!
[LISA SCREAMS]
DELANEY: I just can't believe Lisa
McCarthy would murder her husband.
SAM: Right. Well. his
blood was all over her body...
and her prints were all over
the scissors that butchered him.
- It's terrible.
- Yeah.
We also have some questions.
For starters. she has no memory of it.
The last thing she remembers is being
here. Frank had gone to confession.
SAM: So if he happened to say anything
in the confession about. you know...
maybe problems with the wife...
I'm sorry. the nature of
confession is confidential.
Ah.
Father. all of the victims
attended your church.
Could you at least tell us if
they'd recently been to confession?
Yes. these men were fairly regular. But
then. so are the majority of the folks here.
- Father? DELANEY: Agents...
Sister Mathias is our
director of social services.
I've asked her to show you
around and answer any questions.
Sure.
DEAN: Sister.
- Agent...?
Allman. And this is Agent Betts.
Sister. you're aware of the
recent string of deaths. right?
Yes. A terrible tragedy.
But I'm confused as
to why you're here.
These were all
suicides. weren't they?
Well. possibly not.
Murders?
Well. the actual method
of killing was all identical.
Ah. the MO.
Yes. indeed. the MO. heh.
I'm gonna go. uh. ahem.
have a look around.
Excuse me. sister.
Agent Betts... Allman.
Ahem. Okay.
Sister. did you notice any
change in the McCarthys' lives?
Fighting. drinking. cheating?
You know. the usual.
"The usual"? A
bit cynical. agent?
Scissors to the gut really
bring out the grinch in me.
Oh...
Now. Lisa McCarthy said that they
were very devoted to each other.
- Was that true?
- That always appeared to be the case.
- But...?
- We're looking for a motive. aren't we?
We are.
An earlier victim's cell
phone showed angry texts...
between he and his girlfriend
because he'd been fooling around.
- There were rumors.
- So Frank cheated on Lisa? So she lied to me?
- Or she didn't know?
- My sources are excellent.
- And you didn't hear it from me.
- Oh.
[DEVICE WHIRRING]
I got a question.
How does someone...
uh. like you. end
up. you know...?
Cloistered away
from the world. heh?
- Are you making fun of me. Agent Allman?
- No. No. no. I. uh...
I guess I'm just wondering
how somebody quits...
one life for something
completely different...
and then believe in it so much.
Well...
in my case. I felt
I had no choice.
My life had become painful.
There was hopelessness.
I felt I had to find something
larger than myself to focus on.
A kind of mission. I guess.
You have no idea what
I'm talking about. I'm sure.
Don't be.
SAM: Sister? A question.
I'm sure it's a
different question.
Is there a cemetery nearby?
You could say that. The entire
church is built over burial crypts.
Oh. And have you ever heard or
felt anything strange or unusual?
Unusual how?
Spots in the building that suddenly get
cold. Or maybe you feel like you're not...
Not quite alone.
Rattling chains and teacups
that fly across the room?
Sister. are you
making fun of me?
Really? The FBI
believes in ghosts?
I'm afraid I don't.
If you'll excuse me. agents.
I have to get back to work.
SAM: Mm.
Tell me you didn't think that nun was hot.
I think she had a little thing for me too.
Dean. she was married to Jesus.
All right. so Frank cheated
on his wife. Lisa. All right?
The whole theme of this case...
seems to be about guys
doing their women wrong.
- Notice that?
- Yeah.
But Lisa McCarthy was pretty convincing
she had no idea she killed her husband.
Hot nun said Lisa had no
idea he was cheating on her.
Maybe she was controlled
by someone who did.
Again. nothing witchy.
- Ghost?
- Hard to say.
There's EMF in the church.
but it's built on a burial ground.
You know all the victims
recently went to confession.
- You think Father Delaney's involved?
- Or something surrounding the confessional.
Sammy. how long has it
been since my last confession?
You've never been to confession.
Well. that's too long.
You summoned?
Royal Highness.
- Mother.
- Oh. he remembers.
- What can I do for you?
- It's what I can do for you.
I've been thinking just how wretched
it would be if my own raison d'être...
wreaking havoc and pain
on Earth. were taken from me.
I see how stifled you
must feel. And I sympathize.
Does this mean that you'll go to
the Grand Coven on my behalf?
Even better.
I've brought the Coven to you.
I believe you know Olivette.
High Priestess of the Grand Coven.
Speechless with joy?
You utter bitch.
Bottom feeder.
Ah. The storm before the storm.
As you can see. the iron
chains render her powerless...
so you can plead your
case. exact your revenge.
Whatever it is that puts a spring back
in your step. You kids have fun now.
I see your time as outcast has
led you from vile to loathsome.
I doubt this strategy of insults
will get you out of this pickle.
Hmm. No. I do not grovel before she who
lay with a Non-Magic and hatched his spawn.
My personal life was
none of your business.
I could've been your superstar.
Oh. please.
When we initiated your
thankless ass into the Coven...
we did overlook your private
lapses because of your talent.
We thought you'd outgrow
your reckless. selfish ways.
But. oh. no. they just
grew out of control.
And now look at you.
Consorting with demons.
Quite the speech.
Considering you're
in my son's palace.
What?
You see. my son. the
spawn you speak of...
is now the king of hell.
Total Cinderella story. I'd say.
Oh. aye.
And now you. dearest Olivette...
are prisoner of the
baddest of the bad.
And his devoted Mommy.
It was the sadness in your eyes.
I saw myself there.
Was it Piero?
Is he the reason you're here?
There is not much difference
between madness and devotion.
I was obsessed with him.
We shared each other's secrets.
We were on the same road.
I suddenly realized how deeply
in love with Piero I had fallen.
He said it was only after I posed for
him that his work took on real power...
real expression.
The painting I had posed for
was the beginning of his career.
In the end. it was
his masterpiece.
[BELL TOLLING]
Sweet Jesus. Nothing in my
love life was ever so magical.
Magic can be ruinous.
Especially if the
trick is on you.
I finally confessed
my heart to Piero.
I felt we could read
each other's thoughts.
But I said the words
inside out loud. "I love you."
I waited. dying inside.
And then...
he explained he
had feelings for me...
but not of the same sort.
He loved another?
Indeed.
His art.
It was everything to him.
Insomuch that I affected
it. he cared for me.
But beyond that. he could
offer me nothing but friendship.
I fell into such despair.
I could not eat. nor sleep.
Until my family
could stand no more.
And that's when you
entered the convent.
It's as if I'd died.
My father sent me there to
escape my sorrow and forget Piero.
His servants dragged
me from home one night.
All these things from
my father's estate...
I never saw them
again after that night.
Everything that was
mine was lost to me.
Except my journal.
Things I could say to no one.
Things no one wanted to hear.
- Loneliness is...
- Yes.
It is.
Really can't say I'm surprised.
You always were petulant.
And reckless. And overrated.
Banishment was too good for you.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
You were always so
envious of my skills.
You fool. The only threat I
ever posed to the Coven...
was that I was smarter.
more gifted than you.
- More blindly ambitious.
- Why not?
You nits were content
to live in the shadows...
dicking around with black cats and
broomsticks instead of greatness.
[OLIVETTE GRUNTS THEN PANTS]
- What was that one for?
- Emphasis.
I will get what I want from you.
No. you won't.
Because what you are
looking for no longer exists.
The Coven is a pale
relic of its past power.
Weakened by witch hunts. burning
at the stake. endless persecution.
- And all of it was engineered by them.
- "Them"?
Oh. ha-ha-ha.
You're not as quick
as I'd have thought.
All right.
It's a rabid group of sanctimonious
do-gooders dedicated to our downfall.
- They had equal magic?
- Worse.
Public relations.
They whipped the church
and public into a panic.
Our best were killed
or driven underground.
They then plundered
our spells and secrets...
and shipped them to hidden
bunkers all around the world.
It appears you hate them
more than you do me.
They tried to destroy our world.
Hoarding unbelievable power
for their own amusement.
Smug. self-righteous bastards.
The Men of Letters.
[KNOCKING]
Yes?
Hi. Father.
Pardon me?
Pardon you? I thought it was
the other way around. heh.
Just...
Ahem. So I'm here to clean house.
Need to get some things off my chest.
Oh. All right.
- Continue.
- Um...
It's the women. Father.
Where do I begin. heh?
"Bless me Father. for I
have sinned." is usual.
Right. Good.
Yeah. So that. and...
So the women. And this is
not something I am proud of.
But I let them think that we
have more of a future than we do.
You know?
Ugh. Gina.
Gina?
Don't get me wrong. I mean.
she was... It was good times.
You know how it is. The sex. the
lasagna. But I was not honest with her.
Sometimes I was seeing two.
maybe three girls at the same time.
Sometimes in the same
day. Heh. You get the picture.
And it wasn't just
Gina. It was endless.
- It's making me sick.
- And you wish to be forgiven. my son?
I do. I need to clean up my act.
As penance. you shall say five
"Hail Marys." two "Our Fathers"...
and reflect on
your transgression.
And then that's it?
Then I'm good to go?
One would hope some
inner exploration might occur.
The prayers are just the beginning
to some serious soul-searching.
DEAN: Hmm.
Anything else on your
mind. Agent Allman?
[SCOFFS]
What if I said...
I didn't wanna die?
- Yet. You know. that I wasn't ready.
- Are you expecting to?
Always.
The life I live. the work I do.
I pretty much just figured that that
was all there was to me. you know.
I tear around...
and jam the key in the ignition.
and haul ass until I ran out of gas.
I guess I just thought sooner or
later I'd go out the same way that I live.
Pedal to the metal.
and that would be it.
But now?
Now. um...
some recent events...
made me think I might be
closer to that than I really thought.
And...
I don't know. I mean.
you know. there's things...
there's people.
feelings that I...
I wanna experience
differently than I had before.
Or maybe even
for the first time.
Go a little deeper
perhaps than with Gina?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm just
starting to think...
that maybe there's more
to it all than I thought.
Learning there's more to the
universe than your tiny world...
can be a frightening discovery.
Do you truly believe
in God. agent?
Because that can be a comfort.
I believe there is a God.
But I am not sure
he still believes in us.
So?
- Think you had an eavesdropper in there?
- Hope so.
Better watch your
back. If we're right...
jerks like you are just
what our ghost is looking for.
Isabella?
Isabella? Are you here?
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
ISABELLA: I found no peace in the
convent. and my sorrow turned to rage.
What was once love for
Piero had become hatred.
One night I snuck out a window
and made my way to his studio.
I'm not sure why I
went. To confront him?
To ruin the painting and destroy
his love the way he destroyed mine?
[MAN AND WOMAN MOANING]
There they were.
[SCREAMING]
Isabella.
[PIERO GRUNTING]
I never mentioned her to you
because it didn't occur to me...
she was connected
with the murders.
Ever since I've been here. I've
come across restless spirits of all sorts.
They're all kind of...
sad. Harmless.
And eventually the poor
things go to their final rest.
Wait a second. So you're just
comfortable around ghosts?
As a spiritual person. I've
accepted many planes of existence.
And as I said. they've
all been harmless.
Isabella was my friend.
We had a lot in common.
Including...
painful love lives.
I wanted to protect her.
You said she showed up three weeks
ago when stuff from her home arrived?
Yes. Part of a shipment
from a monastery in Tivoli.
Her family's treasures
found their way to the Church.
As with many of the
great houses of Europe.
You get that she got here just
before the murders started happening?
I finally realized that.
And then I heard the two of
you. and it made me wonder.
That's when I read her journal.
It was given to her
father right after her death.
- Vengeful spirit. Just like we thought.
- Yeah. but 16th-century Florence.
- She's probably buried in Florence.
- I assume.
The journal ended
right after her trial.
Piero's death was so horrific...
she was convicted of witchcraft.
They sentenced her
to burn at the stake.
If she burned. then
so would her bones.
Yeah. but. Dean. something here is
the tether that ties her to this place.
It's probably the journal.
Where she wrote about her life.
Why don't we see if we can't find
Isabella and try to slow her down?
- And. Sam. burn all this stuff.
- Her journal?
- Is that necessary?
- Believe me. it's necessary.
I don't know. There
might be more in here.
Sam. burn it. Let's go.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
I'm telling you. I
don't know any more.
You're lying.
Just as you lied about me all these years. You're
afraid I'll recover all the stolen potions...
and spells and become
more powerful than you.
Oh. poor. poor Rowena.
Always the victim of one
conspiracy or another.
You're so consumed with your
rise to power. you can't see the truth.
I see the truth.
And it's pathetic.
You let these Men of Letters pillage the
greatest trove of magical secrets in the world...
- and did nothing.
- Ow!
We were weakened.
The plunder was dispersed
to bunkers all around the world.
Those bunkers are powerfully warded.
There was nothing we could do to stop them.
How do I find the
Men of Letters?
I don't even know if
they exist anymore.
I've heard that the American
chapter was extinguished in the 1950s.
But apparently two
of its members survive.
The hunters. Sam
and Dean Winchester.
The Winchesters?
Again with the Winchesters.
Perpetually the Winchesters.
Olivette. dear...
pleasant though this little chat
has been. I feel it's come to a close.
What you're telling me is that the Coven
is no longer all-powerful. and therefore...
that you are no longer useful.
You'd better be careful. Rowena.
There's a line that
cannot be crossed.
Witch-on-witch murder is
anathema to the community.
The community. heh?
Who needs them?
To think of all the years
I've lived in fear for nothing.
You ruined my life. Olivette.
And you shall pay with yours.
Rowena. please. you
don't want to do this.
[ROWENA HUMMING]
Please. Rowena. don't do this.
Rowena. please.
Please. stop.
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[GROANING AND SCREAMING]
[CHUCKLES]
[LAUGHS THEN GASPS]
I haven't thought this through.
Why should I kill you and
give you an easy way out...
when there are
far better options?
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
No. No. No!
Rowena. please. No...
[CHUCKLES]
Oh. I'm a genius.
I don't see how she could murder these
people if she was tethered to the church.
She could possess a person inside the church.
ride out. and get yanked back after the kill.
And can ghosts be shot?
This is rock salt. If we
spot her. it'll slow her down.
ISABELLA: and as the days
passed. my love for Piero deepened...
as did his belief in my
powers as his muse.
He said he wanted
something from me...
something he could
barely give voice to.
He thought the effect I had
on his work was profound.
He had never
painted so well before.
He asked if he might have a bit of
my blood to mix into the pigment.
Piero was so afraid
he would hurt me.
I told him. on the contrary.
it was my great joy to do this.
[DEVICE WHIRRING]
But it wasn't enough.
[ISABELLA GROANS
AND PIERO GASPS]
I told Piero to grind the flesh.
blood. and bone into the pigment.
I had completely become
one with the painting...
- and with Piero.
- "And with Piero."
She got to Father Delaney. She's around
here. We gotta get you out of here. Come on.
[GRUNTING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
The priest had to die. He made
it his business to forgive you pigs.
Forgive you when what
you do is unforgivable.
Sam. burn the journal.
[GASPING]
[WHIMPERING]
Sister. Don't let them.
You are my friend.
[SCREAMING]
[CHUCKLES]
You're... You're trucking.
Is that her?
Poetic justice. if you ask me.
For hundreds of years.
those hags made me grovel.
Every attempt to
please them. futile.
High time someone
else ran in circles. eh?
Nice touch. Something I
might have thought of myself.
You see? We're
not so very different.
What is it that you want?
Ah. Well. Fergus.
since you asked...
these friends of yours.
the Winchesters...
I hear they are...
What do you call it?
Men of Letters?
Possibly.
- I see. Well. about that...
- Listen. we've been through this.
My relationship with the
Winchesters is my business.
I'll handle them.
I'm not killing them.
All right. dearie. Of course.
Whatever you say.
Who mixes their blood
and bones into paint?
No woman's ever
done that for me.
Is this you thanking me for not
doing what you told me to do?
You know. if you'd have burned the journal.
we wouldn't know how to kill her. would we?
Heh. Yeah. you're welcome.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
You know...
you were in that
confessional a long time.
Look. man. I'm just saying...
I'm your brother. Dean.
If you ever need to talk
about anything with anybody...
you got somebody
right here next to you.
Okay.
I heard what Sister Mathias
was saying about. you know...
hiding pain by
taking on a mission...
and I know that's what
you're doing. a little bit.
And it's okay. I mean. it's fine.
I get it. I've done it before too.
But I don't buy for one second
that the Mark is a terminal diagnosis.
So don't go making
peace with that idea.
There has to be a way. There
will be a way. and we will find it.
That's what we do.
So believe that.
Okay. Sammy.
You wanna...
try that again like you mean it?
Okay.
[English - US -SDH]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm